Move Pull request ground rules to separate file. (#2497)
fsprojects/fantomas: docs/docs/contributors/Pull request ground rules.md

Try and find a suitable file in `Fantomas.Core.Tests`, or introduce a new file.

A new test file should look like:

```fsharp
module Fantomas.Core.Tests.MyNewConceptTests

open NUnit.Framework
open FsUnit
open Fantomas.Core.Tests.TestHelper

// add tests here...
```

Filename: `MyNewConceptTests.fs`.

When developing a new feature, add new tests to cover all code paths.

If you come across an issue, which can't be reproduced with the latest version of Fantomas but is still open, please submit a regression test.
That way, we can ensure the issue stays fixed after closing it.

## Guidelines

### Target branch

Please always rebase your code on the targeted branch.
To keep your fork up to date, run this command:
> git remote add upstream https://github.com/fsprojects/fantomas.git

Updating your fork:

> git checkout master && git fetch upstream && git rebase upstream/master && git push

### Unit test

- Unit test names should start with a lowercase letter.
- When creating a test that is linked to a GitHub issue, add the number at the back with a comma, as in the following:

```fsharp
[<Test>]
let ``preserve compile directive between piped functions, 512`` () = ...
```

> You don't need to repeat this number for test that are a deviations for the original report problem. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You don't need to repeat this number for tests that are deviations from the original report problem. 
```
